Problem: overlapping README and getting started (CRO-293) (#11)
crypto-com/chain-docs: docs/getting-started/tendermint_local_full_note.md

> ## Start a Local Full Node

Reviewer: Perhaps "Local Development Full Node" is more precise?

Author: Updated [title](https://github.com/crypto-com/chain-docs/pull/11/commits/046d04288ad910bbf06bb8263af29ad9bc973630)

We will need the following to run a local full node:
-  **[Genesis](https://crypto-com.github.io/getting-started/genesis.html#tendermint-extra-information):** Defining the initial state of the blockchain;
-  **[Tendermint Node](https://crypto-com.github.io/getting-started/consensus.html#client-interacting-with-the-blockchain):** Performing consensus operations;
- **[Transaction Enclave](https://crypto-com.github.io/getting-started/enclave-architecture.html#transaction-validation):** Validating transactions;
-  **[Application BlockChain Interface (_ABCI_)](https://tendermint.com/docs/spec/abci/)**: Connecting between Tendermint and applications.

## Step 1. Generate Genesis

Genesis describes the initial funding distributions as well as other configurations such as validators setup. 
Firstly, we will need a wallet to receive the genesis funds.

> <a id="wallet" />

Reviewer: Are these anchors needed? I think @calvinaco previously used them in README, because README has a manual "table of content" where it links these sections

Author: Removed unused [anchors](https://github.com/crypto-com/chain-docs/pull/11/commits/1e0b423f82bd6232b7e46ed3cbd953557204e6a2)

####  Step 1a) Create a Wallet 

To create a wallet, currently, we have [client-rpc](https://github.com/crypto-com/chain/client-rpc) and [client-cli](https://github.com/crypto-com/chain/client-cli) available for this purpose. We will be using [client-cli](https://github.com/crypto-com/chain/client-cli) in this guide.

- Create a new wallet with the name "Default" by running 
  ```bash
  $ ./target/debug/client-cli wallet new --name Default
  ```
  You will be prompted to enter a passphrase.
  

> - Generate an stacking address for the wallet to receive genesis funds. You will be prompted to enter the wallet passphrase again to verify.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate a staking address for the wallet to receive genesis funds. You will be prompted to enter the wallet passphrase again to verify.  
```

Author: Thanks Tom :3
